{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red232\green232\blue231;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c92651\c92651\c92535;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 01. 
\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Find the top 10 YouTubers with the highest number of subscribers.\
02. Calculate the average number of likes and comments per video for each category.round the average into 2 decimal points.\
03. now the analyst wants to know which 5 country have the highest viewers so --Identify the top 5 countries with the highest average number of views\
04. Find the distribution of content types among YouTubers in each category.return category total youtubers and their type of content.\
05. find out the 3 top category with the rate of highest engagement rate. here highest engagement rate means (likes + comments) / subscriber. round the result into 2 decimal points.\
06. Find the top 5 categories with the highest average number of subscribers.\
07.Calculate the total number of subscribers in each country.\
08. Which three YouTube channel have the highest engagement rate, calculated by combining the number of likes and comments they receive per video?\
09.What is the average number of views per subscriber for each YouTube category. round the result into 3 decimal points.\
10.Calculate the total number of subscribers and average views for each country in the "Animation" category\
11.Determine the total number of YouTubers in each category.\
12.Find the average number of subscribers for YouTubers in the "Daily vlogs" category from each country\
13.Calculate the total number of subscribers for YouTubers whose average views are greater than 5 million:\
14.Identify the top 3 countries with the highest average number of subscribers per video.\
\
}